Mr Maxwell, please.
Hello, Doctor.
How are you?
I'm fine, thank you, Doctor.
But I need your advice.
I want to give up smoking.
That's a good idea.
Smoking is very bad for your health.
How much do you smoke?
Quite a lot.
Hmm.
And when did you start smoking?
I started smoking when I was 19.
That was 25 years ago.
Have you tried to give up?
Yes, I've tried several times, but I always start smoking again.
Now my daughter has asked me to give up, and I want to try again.
She's very worried about my health, and I want to succeed this time.
Well, let's see.
I'll do some tests.
Have you got a cough?
Yes, I have.
And I'm not fit.
I get a lot of colds.
Well, it's a very good idea to stop smoking.
Smoking causes many illnesses.
How can I succeed?
One thing you can do is to join a group.
That often works because you have other people to help you.